estamos con una leyenda and fevers milk
at oratory and AIDS
Yvonne Ilocanos mo stolen Auto represent
our low a high durian thank you so much
how is going the fever it's going great
actually I was thinking today this is a
22nd year of being here so via 22nd 92
1992 was my first year in essence so it
continues to grow and get better and
bigger and everything so yeah it's great
to be here meet all the fans you know do
you have any Los Angeles be me under a
fever if one oh yes that we contain
become a veces más grande de I must
center okay
you are a legend in all the world you
know everybody know you so I don't know
what did you secret for you know all the
time be in good shape you train hard you
do cut your do you eat then the thing is
I don't compete anymore but I love to
Train I always love to Train when I was
an athlete when I was competing I love
to Train I still love to Train so it's
not like it's not a problem for me to go
to the gym and try and I enjoy doing it
it's part of my life and I'm always
going to do it so that's that's it you
know I don't forget to tell people now
I'm Spanish I'm living in Spain okay
Pinella pregunta lo que que como se man
piense siempre en forma que por que ya
no esta complete en de Parys a que como
en Condon trainer AMA la competition no
la falta
no less our company end up our estar en
forma por que entrenar e-link at a
competitor
okay one TR more would you run with new
products we have a new product now we
have an imino product do you I am you
know so this is branched chain amino
acids citrulline glutamine and
electrolytes and it's for drinking while
in your training while you're training
you mix it with your water it tastes
great and it helps your recovery so
that's the new supplement we have right
now
ene uno suplement a suplement okay Dina
me know they say toma durante la
entrenamiento sabe muy bueno Aman sana
he wanna sell more products to the
Dorian gate okay you can tell for
example how many how many days you train
on the week right now I do three or four
times a week and now my goals are
different it's not I'm not really
bodybuilding anymore not to build big
muscles for competition now now it's
business but as far as my training goes
is to stay in good shape to stay quite
lean and to have a good cardio so I do
some weights but I do like circuit very
fast I do kettlebells I do some
different cardio intervals things like
that so I mix it up you know keep it
interesting
okay bueno antenna tres cuatro de la
semana pero bueno sempre como la boot
entrenar pasamonte en forma Ivana see ya
sukar do ye become beyond another city
mantenimiento okay thank you so so much
for us and I know you won't say
something to almost all my fans in Spain
I'm one of you now I'm Spanish un saludo
but uh what does perfect us okay
you
although skittles a boy yeah
really
Pena's new scooty down